# CreateIntlContent

The principles being espoused thru this article work extremely well if one reads it in the language in which it was written, and is presented. Consequently, all of the tasks which are normally attempted in order employ associated solutions, will continue to do so in a manner which continues to assume that characteristics involved with the culturality to which they will be end up being made available, do so with a misunderstanding of the Asian, (esp Chinese) populace. So before attempting an enunciation of this contention, I ask 'How international an audience, does the expected internationalization mean to be'? Because there exists a striking cultural, geographic, spoken & written language form, social, legal, etc gap, between The East, and The West present, and old. And, it is easy enough to identify, with a mere glance at something simply written to represent an associated thought which originated in Mandarin.

Well, everybody has to think in a similar fashion, as we are all human, eh? But, realize that when one grows up in a society in which Mandarin language is the first (primary), then it is also required that such education of that language must be done via a written form, which is graphically, not alphabetically oriented; otherwise known as logographic. And, Mandarin is a tonal inherent language, of which such a spoken form does not exist in The West.

Thus, from the getgo manners of the thought processes develop with a different fashion; which enables the citizens, who live or are directly involved with 3500+ Year Of Age, Chinese Empire to continue to remain "Behind The Wall". That wall in no longer composed of stone, but it is a consequent result of the differences involved, just beginning with the spoken & written.  This difference has, and continues to facilitate direct differences, involving East/West consideration, and enables an extension from there, on to the technological, social, legal, etc, issues when we (Westerners) want to make such advancement with an international audience, as very few of us are aware that they exist, and the reasons that they enable a continued difference, otherwise!

As, an example, how many here are familiar with Asian centric concept associated with 'Chi'? Go ahead, look it up on Wikipedia; well to which one of those explanations, do I refer? So, if we hadn't become familiar with this concept, which is a central notion throughout an Easterners educational preparation, and life practice; and have a problem readily identifying it (such is anathema involving logographic <--> alphabetic xlation), then how proficient can the within/throughout solutions associated by 5 posed articles, really end up being; when intending to include 'Those Behind The Wall'?
